You bastard.
You son of a b****!
You murderer.
You bastard!
How dare you kill my husband?
Who gave you the right to kill him?
You murderer!
How dare you!
Bring her here.
You're all right. Calm down.
Twice.
They deceived us twice!
You wasted our precious bullets.
It's always an emotional prick
like you that ruins a mission.
You need to be coolheaded
in a situation like this.
If you keep this up,
I won't need you anymore.
Everyone go back to the cafeteria.
Now!
I'll watch the cafeteria.
You go bring Eung-cheol.
And lock him in another room.
You two.
Follow me.
Yes, sir!
Yes.
Sir.
It's the military situation room.
Hey, have you looked into the casualties?
Ask about Han I-seop first.
Yes, sir!
All of the armed spies were killed.
And Professor Han who was with them
was killed by one of the Northern spies.
Is he dead?
How about our casualties?
One killed in action
and four injured, sir.
Yeong-u!
Yeong-u, stay with me!
You'll be okay. Hang in there.
Don't tell their families just yet.
And ask the press for a news embargo.
Here. We need help here.
Chief An.
Tell the press that Han I-seop died
while defecting to the North.
-Defecting to the North?
-Yes.
But he was the
opposition party's mentor in economics.
An.
Just tell them the North abducted him
and we tried to rescue him.
Inspiring the people's sense
of national security will help us--
You want to stop there
when we can win the game?
If the opposition party raises an issue,
we will be counterattacked.